Update Organization articles to show the menu categories (#7262)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: umbraco-cloud/begin-your-cloud-journey/the-cloud-portal/organizations.md

As an administrator, you can invite members of your organization to the different projects under the organization.

### Access Rights

In the **Access Rights** section, you can get a list of all the Access Rights your Members have to each Project in your Organization.

![Access Rights](images/Access_rights-v10.png)

## Finance
<figure><img src="../../.gitbook/assets/org-menu-finance.png" alt="Finance section"><figcaption><p>Finance section</p></figcaption></figure>

### Payment methods

In the **Payment Methods** section, you can view the payment methods for your organization. From here, you can add or delete credit card details for your Organization. These payment options will be used, when you create new projects under your organization.

<figure><img src="../../.gitbook/assets/image (60).png" alt="Payment methods"><figcaption><p>Payment methods</p></figcaption></figure>

### Payment History

In the **Payment History** section, you can see the payment history for your organization.

## Insights
<figure><img src="../../.gitbook/assets/org-menu-insights.png" alt="Insights section"><figcaption><p>Insights section</p></figcaption></figure>

### Sustainability

> The Sustainability Dashboard is designed to help users monitor and improve the environmental impact of their websites on Umbraco Cloud. 
> [Read more.](../../optimize-and-maintain-your-site/monitor-and-troubleshoot/sustainability-dashboard.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Sustainability Dashboard is designed to help users monitor and improve the environmental impact of their websites on Umbraco Cloud. For more information, see the [Sustainability Dashboard](../../optimize-and-maintain-your-site/monitor-and-troubleshoot/sustainability-dashboard.md) article.
```
